Chapter 1
Hatchling Song

     It was a little past seven, when the meal was served. A small pot of chilly on the double. It was always canned veggies, though it’s not like canned veggies were bad. Beats other processed food. It was a quiet meal time, much quieter than usual. Young Bailee was never one to read the newspaper, unlike her father. Though on this night she wondered why she chose not to. She wasn’t particularly interested in the meal, as they had chilly every night. It had been like this all Winter, and she was beginning to crave other food.
     After the meal was over, Bailee put her chilly up for the next afternoon. Though she she wondered whether her father would try to eat it. For her mother was letting her sleep in. She had a hard time getting to sleep, because of the arguments they have been having. Bailee didn’t like there to be arguments. So when she went to bed for the night, as she always did, she put on a pair of ear muffs in order to drown out the noise. There should dream about the boys at school, with their boy toys.     When walking through the neighborhood, Bailee hopped onto the train tracks. Then skipped along in her little wooden shoes. A train was heard, and she quickly hopped off the tracks in order to avoid being ran over. It wooshed by. Through the woods she ran, until she eventually came upon an Owl. It opened the door on the tree, and it hooted a hello. “What brings a young one like you in this neck of the woods?” The owl cawked it’s neck.
     “I thought I’d take a walk, get home in a jippy.” said Bailee, who stared at the owl thinking a talking Owl was quite peculiar indeed.
     “But why a Jippy? Don’t you want to come inside my tree, and have a hot chocolate sippy?” The owl hooted. Bailee wasn’t sure whether she wanted to go inside the tree, and wondered how it was she could even fit inside the trunk.
     “No, it’s already getting late.” said Bailee
     “Will you be around tomorrow?” asked the owl.
     “Maybe.”
     It was the next afternoon. Bailee walked back to where the trees were, because she wanted to see whether the talking Owl was still there in it’s little trunk cottage. There the Owl stared out of it’s little window, then exited the door. It then walked onto the porch in order to get another look at Bailee. “Yes yes, how may I help you? Are you here for the hot chocolate?” The owl hooted. Bailee nodded. The owl picked her up by her shoulders. And then flew her into his little cottage. Somehow she was able to shrink and go inside the tree’s trunk. Within the cottage was a living room, much bigger on the inside than out.
     There was a little kitchenette just big enough to avoid the Owl’s pout. He goes in, and asked what kind of hot chocolate she wanted. “There is a cinnamon hot chocolate, a nutmeg hot chocolate ...” The owl mentioned more varieties of hot chocolate than Bailee has ever heard of before. Her ears perked up when she heard of a special hot chocolate.
     “I will like the bailee hot chocolate.” The owl could not believe that such a girl would be really to request for such a type of hot chocolate. For a moment the owl wondered what her mother would possibility think of her choosing such a variety of hot hcocolate.
     “But you know what’s in it right?” Owl asked.
     “No, I don’t Owl.” Bailee noted.
     “Why cough syrup of course.”
     Owl was about to convince Bailee to try another variety of hot chocolate, because perhaps she would ever need it if it ever became cold during the Winter time of the season. It was a few moment later, and the hot chocolate was done. Bailee was looking at various books in the library. “What are these varieties of books that you have Owl?” The owl placed the hot chocolate on the table, and took the book from her hand.
     “That is a very old book my dear. From way back even during my own hatchling-hood. Perhaps I shall read it to you another time. But for now your drink is ready.” Bailee sat at the chair and finished the drink till she was called on her cell phone. She hopped out of the chair after finishing the hot cocoa. Then zipped on home for the rest of the evening. Did she answer the phone? Who called her?

     It was when she got home, “How many times do I have to tell you? Don’t go wandering off into the woods.” Her mother said. She was sure not to tell the father, who already had a multitude of different reasons to fuss at her. Bailee was sent to bed that evening without dinner. But then later quietly got up to eat. She was sure to make  made sure that her mother would not hear her eating. Thus she was able to avoid a belly ache the next morning. Bailee wanted to go back to the woods without her mother’s permission. Because she wanted to find out what was contained within the very old tome that the owl was trying to hide from her.
     At the tree house, she spoke with the owl. “May I take the old storybook with me tonight?” The owl was surprised someone her age would be willing to read at all. He told her it was a short story collection of old fairy tales from when he himself was a mere hatchling. She was given the tome, and then quickly like lightning ran on home. Zip, zip, zip she ran on home. There she was able to be home sooner than her mother would notice. And thus she was able to eat dinner at a normal time tonight.
     When Bailee went to bed, she took out her new book to read that belongs to the Owl’s book. in the tree. It was as big a book as a book could be. In the book her attention was turned, to the tales of a young fairy girl just her age. Her little name was Gharina, and these were her stories. Bailee read the first line: there was once a little fairy, that lived in a mushroom. In this mushroom, she had a telescope. She stared into the stars all night, searching for planets in orbit. There were other stories, many from many years ago about the same fairy. Various adventures, way to many of them to read all in one night. Thus she carefully placed the book on the desk, for the volume was very heavy. The owl must have cast an enlarging spell upon the book as well.
     Then Bailee said goodnight to the moon, in it’s cloud covered flight. And the waited for the sun to shine in the light. Goodnight, to the werewolves at night.
     It was the next morning that she went to go visit the Owl again in his tree cottage. The owl once again let her inside the cottage, and it was here that she asked about the book. “You mentioned that these stories were around since you yourself was a mere hatchling. Would you be willing to read me one of them sometime?” Bailee said, enjoying her hot chocolate in one of the chairs in the owls living room.
     “I can read some later, though at the moment I may only have time for a poem or to before I need to take a trip. At that point maybe you should go on home my dear.” The owl said. Bailee looked at hime in a disspointed fashion.
     “Can you read me a poem?” she asked.
     “I guess we have time for one.” the owl said. Then turned the page to one of them poems:

          Where the Owl flew away,
          In a world with snow blowing astray,
          Where there are wolves and deer at play,
          Come to the forest, a land beyond
          The children’s play.

          Where the little houses in trees,
          Sway softly in the gentle breeze,
          And not a disturbed shuttle,
          Of hatchling crying.

     Bailee wasn’t sure what the poem meant. But quickly the owl flew her out of the house. “But can I not go with you on your trip to that magical world?” asked Bailee.
     “Maybe some other time, of the year.” said the owl.
     Bailee went on home early.

     Another week, without a talking Owl.
     It was then that Bailee decided, she was going to go follow the Owl through the forest. She put on her wooden shoes, exited the door, and then walked along the train tracks. Finally she reached the forest. And she walked, and walked, and walked until eventually she found the forest where the Owl went to stay for some time. Here she catches up with him. “Why did you decide to follow me Bailee?” asked the Owl. She had not an answer for the Owl. “Fine, then follow me to the my tree cottage. Just to your right, alright.” There they flew into the new cottage. There she suddenly felt like time was beginning to dissappear, and here she could have as many stories read to her as she wanted
.
















Chapter 2
Emelie’s Train

     The owl allowed her inside his second tree house cottage, then sat her by a chair. “Technically I should be sending you on home now. Yet here time is different in Nevermore, for time never moves. And the day never progresses beyond the first day that one arrives.” Bailee wondered how anyone could stand to live in a world without repeats of the same day and night. Yet for a moment, she realized the reason for no fight. It was because ever day was a Saturday. And there would be no school, forever. “So what are you going to want do for the few days that I will be here, before even I must go home?”
     “I want to read some stories.” Bailee said.
     “I thought you might mention that.” the owl said. Then opened the book from his hands, then read the first few stories that first came to his mind: Bartie’s Poems, White Night Flower, Gharina’s Wings, and Wolf And The Tree. Bailee didn’t feel like she was being read the story at all. Instead she felt like she was there, in the forest green. She saw a boy by the tree, jotting down in his note book. This she thought, must be Bartie. For the story was called Bartie’s Poem. She wondered for a moment what it would be like to talk to a main character in a fairy tale of a different culture. She walked over to Bartie. “Hello, I’m Bailee.” she said to Bartie. He looked up from his notebook.
     “I didn’t know others like to visit the forest. I usually come here when I’m wanting to relax after school. It is quieter here, without all the bustling from the town’s cars and the chew chew train.” Bartie said.
     Bailee felt compelled to blend in, thus she said what she felt like to move the story forward. “I thought I’d come by to visit you for today. My friend Emelie is missing you, we should go see her off before she heads up back to her home city.” Bartie smiled pleasantly, and stared back into his notebook.
“About that, me and Emelie had a fight.” said Bartie.
“But surely she would love for you to see her off.” said Bailee to Bartie.
     “Or she might still hate me from yesterday.” Bailee wasn’t sure why anyone would hate anybody, after all most friends that become friends tend to stay friends. Forever. Thus she made her choice, “I know, you shall read Emelie one of your poems.” Bartie thought the proposal was sillier than just seeing Emelie off.
     “I remember when she first arrived in town.” Emelie felt herself switching from Bartie’s story, to a new told story. The story of Emelie. An exchange student visiting from out of town. Bailee is riding in the back of the seat that Emelie is riding in, and Emelie and her are watching the morning sunrise pass in the landscape as they rode on the chew chew train.
     “Hi! I’m Bailee. You must be Emelie.” said Bailee.
     “How did you know my name?” asked Emelie. She stared at Bailee as if she were kind of freaked out. She did not see this girl named Bailee before. It was almost as if she had magically appeared out of nowhere. “And what makes you think you can talk to me?” Bailee resisted the temptation to giggle.
“Just thought I’d be friendly.” Bailee said.
“Want to move up here. Easier to hear.”said Emelie. Bailee moved up beside Emelie, and all three sat in a row in the seat. Emelie’s little sister was still reading her eReader, playing various video games on the hand held monitor. “Now then, so where are you headed Bailee?”
     “I’m drifting, drifting.” Bailee said.
     “Have you nowhere to go?” said Emelie.
     “I am reading along, to a new story.”
     “What story Bailee? There is no book here.”
     “Well, I have nowhere to go.”
     “Then came and stay with us.” Emelie resisted the temptation to giggle, about her father’s potention frusteration. “Dad won’t mind. Mom will just have to prepare a new room.” Then soon, the train trip was over and they arrived at the station. They all hopped onto the pavement in their wooden shoes. Then Emelie grabbed Bailee’s hand. “Come along, I will show you to meet father.” Here Emelie’s father opens his arms to meet his daughters.
     “Did you bring a friend along?” said the father.
     “Yes, her family will be along in a minute.” Emelie said. Bailee knew this wasn’t true. But decided to go ahead and play along. But the father wondered why her family never came. And thus that’s how she came to temporarily live in Emelie’s house. It was the next night that she played eReader games with Emelie’s sister. Outside children were playing with their jump ropes, the clatter of wooden heels loud enough to irritate her Emelie. This caused Bailee to giggle, but she stopped when Emelie was getting upset.
     The small apartment flat was cracked and torn. “This place is going to need a fixer upper,” said the father, who gently rubbed his index finger along the wall. “now go on inside I’m getting cold.”
They were greeted by a spiral stair case before going into the hall with bedrooms. The light from the kitchen entrance along the right wall. A smell of unvarnished wooden floor filled Emelie’s nose. Yet it didn’t seem to bother Bailee.
     “So are you looking forward to school?” asked Bailee, once they got inside of the bedroom. They took their bags, and placed their overcoats, and other clothes into the shelf. Then placed their wooden shoes by the door.
     “I’m not sure, it’s a new neighborhood.” Emelie said.
     “I remember when I first moved in to mine.” said Bailee. Bailee remembered how she had first moved to town in the real world outside of the story book. However everyone at school seemed to look at her as if she were strange. With their eyes in a particuliar deranged look about them. “Well, it will be fun.”
     It was the next day of school, Emelie and Bailee met Bartie in class. While the other boys wore a brown uniform, he always wore a black uniform. It was a wonder he didn’t complete the get up, with a red rose squirting acid pen. Like some sort of strange twisted demented clown. He was still writing definitions in his textbook, and Emelie couldn’t resist trying to talk to him. Bailee sitting in the next seat over, tried to get her to pay attention to the lecture so she wouldn’t get in trouble, but no look.
     Bartie would not listen, nobody listened to Emelie. Instead she began to drift off, and that was her first introduction to the board of education. Even if the teacher got fired for it, it was something that would go into her permanent record down on a school review site on her eReader. Simple enough to use an onion, to evade the schools website blocker.
     It was the next night that would put her eReader in jeopardy, and her friend Bailee in jeopardy. Though in reality, Bailee was merely being read the story by the Owl she herself felt like she was there within the fairy tale.
     Bailee entertained Emelie’s sister, while Emelie decided to call up Bartie about possibly taking a walk with her into the woods the next night. At first Bartie hesitant. It was at first homework, then it was school club.
     “Just say you don’t want to travel with me, or are you a little chicken about rejection?” And of course Bartie wouldn’t take that, so thats how Bailee, Bartie, and Emelie got to be in the woods on thart particular night. Walking through the woods, they paused to look at an old storage house. Possibly left over from the last war.
     Bailee shivered as she listened to Emelie tease Bartie about the ghost in the old barn house. “They say the spirits of the soldiers still haunt this ground.” said Emelie.
     “Are you kidding? Those are just stories.” said Bartie.
     Bailee resisted saying this was also just a story.
     “Now you know Bailee” as the owl paused briefly, to let her knows as if nothing in the book was going on. “The ghosts in this story are as much of a story as a mural on the tree. But the murals on trees, were appearing on the trees. Like some invisible entity had decided to place a curse on the woods.”
     “So what happened, what about those murals?” said Bailee.
     “Well let me finish please.” said the Owl.
     Emelie wanted to leave, using her GPS. But Andi wanted to stay behind, and touch the murals to see what would happen. Emelie tried to get him to not touch the strange figures. At once Emelie and Bailee tried to get Bartie to not touch them. But it was no use, he had already poked them with his index finger. Bartie could feel himself growing ill, like something had poisoned him.
     Emelie said for Bailee to leave the story. The she would take the blame for Bartie’s misfortune.
     “But why would Emelie say that, I want to help them.” Bailee said.
     “You do realize this is just a story right. Although I’m happy to see you care about the characters.” said the Owl. Emelie went without her eReader for about a week. Well she would, if she didn’t get it while her father was away at work.
     Bailee couldn’t help but drift back into the story.
     She visited Bartie to ask him why he couldn’t come with her to go, while they sat in the woods.
     “Well you see, I was sick at the moment.” Bartie was still working on one of his poems:

          As part of the forest,
               only monkeys live in the trees.
                    Sky is raining, the sky is crying.
                    A chance to walk the earth,
                    it’s decrying.

     “I had some sort of strange illness developed from the scare on that particular night.” Bailee drifted back into the memory that belonged to Bartie.
     Bailee was running to catch up with Emelie, and they could hear the sounds of chants. Neither of them were sure where they were coming from. Then strange figures, that looked like little girls with skull-masks, and strange types of guns warped from nothingness as if from another demension from the odd murals. To her mind she compared it to cyberspace in her own reality outside of the storybook that she was being read to by the owl. But there was no evidence of any sort of connection, and besides no monitor. Bailee was simply using her imagination. “Who are you, what do you want?” said Emelie, but she was answered with an electrical pulse gun. Bailee had to make sure for a moment she was still sitting in the chair, and was not herself shot by one of the fairies.
     At eternity later, easing vision. Baile was being read that Emelie was in a strange room, surrounded by skull-faires that reminder her of female version of the grim reaper. “We never captured a live one before, I wonder if keeping her alive long enough with effects the taste.” said one of the little skull-faires.
     “Doesn’t matter, she’s one of us now.” said another.
     And then Emelie woke up beside the tree, Bailee helped Emelie run on home to make sure the skull-fairy girls did not catch up with her.
     Bailee and Emelie went to go visit Bartie in the hospital the next week. He was already slowly beginning to recover. He mentioned how after he touched the strange mural, he had visions. Saw strange girls that were about both of their ages, about thirteen. “Do you remember what they look like?” said Emelie.
     Bailee said to Emelie to let Bartie rest.
     At this point the Owl just let Bailee play along. Bartie was already to unconcious to make any speech that made sense to her.
     “At this rate Bailee, I’ll have other stories to read to you.” the owl said. But Bailee was lost in the story, inside her own mind at play.
     Bailee and Emelie got home. Emelie still pissed at her father for breaking her eReader. Bailee tried to reassure, but it was simply no use. He promised to get her another, after she was no longer grounded. Emelie was half way tempted to buy another one herself while she was still grounded. Bailee was tempted to Emelie her eReader, but didn’t want it to be broken by her mean spirited father.
     They ontinued to investigate the matter further.
     Bailee tried to keep in touch, but couldn’t find Emelie. She simply went missing for a week.
     So she visited Bartie in his memory within the storybook as he was beginner to recover from the strange illness. But noted how Emelie didn’t see to be contact able, had not seen or heard from Emelie over the past week. They feared the worst.
     The neighborhood was caught up in trying to file a missing persons report. Bartie and Bailee wanted to investigate the matter themselves, but wasn’t sure how to get past the yellow tape around the forest green.
     “So what end up happening to Emelie, owl?” asked Bailee.
     “Well Emelie was still around of course, locked in time and space. She drifted along the sands of grey, walking eternally during the month of May. Became one with the stars during the night, and would soon meet Bartie again for other reasons. To take him with her, after dying from alcoholic poisoning when he become a poet a few years later. The land of skull-fairy manifest.” the owl said.
     “But that’s a horrible ending?” Bailee said.
     “Sometimes life has difficult subject matter.” the owl said.
     “But Owl, won’t you read me a happier story?” Bailee asked.
     “Yes, in the next story.” said the owl. The owl sent her back home for the next summer.
     A happier story she hopped
.
















Chapter 3
Daena’s Books

     It was the next summer vacation from school, and she read another story in order to learn how to read. Thus, Bailee became a spider down the wall that fell to the floor. A wooden shoe tried to stomp on her. She hopped out of the way. Bailee became a little girl again. “Woa, who are you?” said Daena.
     “Hi, I’m Bailee.” said to Daena.
     The young girl took her hankerchief and placed Bailee in the garbage. “We have a pest problem, mother.” she said, to the woman reading her book in the living room. Bailee crawled out of the garbage can.
     “Hey now, I’m not actually a spider ok.”
     “Oh! Sorry Bailee!? How did you get here?” Daena’s cheeks were beginning to become red, when it was obvious that her mother was not listening to her. Daena walked up the stairs, when the mother closed her book. Then tilted her glasses in the direction of her daughter.
     “Daena, your not talking to yourself are you? Don’t stomp the floor. You’ll break your shoes.” the mother said, reopened her book as if that were the only thing she was going to say to her daughter that evening, and went back to reading. “Remember to go to bed early tonight, we have a trip in the morning.” And that was that, so Daena led Bailee to her room. Bailee saw her long curly light brown hair bob up and down, and it was illuminated in the lamp light. Bailee skipped to her bedroom beyond the restroom. Then arrived at the door. She closed the door after walking inside, after leading her new friend Bailee inside. “So where did you come from?” Then began to sit on her bed, reclininf back. “I haven’t been on a trip in forever. Have you ever been on a trip?”
     The light from the sunset made the room slightly darker in comparison to the bright morning and afternoon. Bailee could here Daena’s thoughts: I want to be somewhere. Not here, not there. “Is there something you don’t like about here?” said Bailee.
     As soon as she began to drift, and took off her klompen Daena said “It’s just boring here. Though I haven’t talked to my aunt in forever. I’m not sure what she is like.” Then began to sleep in her dress that was little more than a white night gown with a green petticoat.
     Both Bailee and Daena got up to put up their dress dresses. As she did so, she noticed that it had become the next day. “Uh Bailee, why hasn’t my mom woke me up for the dream. Did she just out and out go on without me?”
     “How am I suppose to know?”
     “And why was the sky grey, and the air cold?” Bailee wondered out loud. The room smelled of old mold. Like an old house that had not been sold for years. Why would her mother forget you? She would never forget me to wake me up for the train ride. Both of them put on their klompen, and walked downstairs. In the hall, she closed her door. The hall was quiet, surely her mother would be in the kitchen. There was no mother cooking breakfast. Both of them hopped up and down, because their wooden shoes hurt.
     Both walked into the study room that her mother was reading in the night prior to this odd morning. “Hey Daena, you mother doesn’t seem to be here.” It was almost as if the house had swallowed her up. She had a voice in her head, come and see us in the shed. To Bailee they sounded similarly to the skull-fairies that she met in the previous story:

          We are here,
          We are everywhere.

     Daena and Bailee walked into the kitchen, made them self some eggs and toast. Took it with her while she went outside to go and look for Daena’s mother. Her mother was not in the garden, near the fence. They walked back to the garden, for surely her mother would be there. Through the gate she walked, and she noticed a mural-ed slab that was not there before.
     “Owl, I don’t like where this story is going.” said Bailee.
     “Just be patient, it would get a lot happier.” said the owl.
     Is this just a dream, are we really just in our beds? Bailee and Daena looked further at the stone:

          Greg-Gina Hog-worth
          1837-1865
          Here lies miss Hog-worth,
          Gave her inheritance, as she was worth.
          A large woman, with a big girth.

     At first Daena could not believe that her mother would have already had a headstone prepared for her. But Bailee was trying to get her attention. She was actually a sleeping protagonist, and she wanted to wake up from. For it was simply a bad dream. Abruptly the world was beginning to shake violently.
     Just a dream. Her mother was very much alive, and she was shaking her daughter shoulders to get her to wake up. “Hey you did not tell me you brought a friend over. I only bought to, but we could take you on the train off the record. Hurry hurry Daena and some random friend of hers, put on your klompen. We need to go to the train in about an hours time.” So Daena and Bailee got up, put on her raggedy dress and klompen. Already both of their luggage was packed for the train ride, so she carried it with her as they walked to the station.
     “Am I going to go on a trip owl?” said Bailee.”
     “Yes, a trip to see the MCs aunts. Not quiet down.”
     The station was a quiet station, for it was still early in the morning. They boarded the train, and then placed their luggage in the storage shelves above.
     “You two must have had a good dream.” said Greggina Hogworth, as they settled in their seats. She resisted snickering from the irony of her comment. Daena reclined in her seat, and began to drift off again. Bailee watched the landscape slowly become a snowy blizzardy landscape. Bailee didn’t know where they were going to go, only that they would be gone for a week. That’s all Daena’s mother was willing to tell her, before she herself went to sleep.
     And that was when she let her mind wander. For nobody, not even imaginative Bailee wanted to read about a boring train ride. She then switch to imagining that her family was in the city, with buildings that were tall and pretty. Sparkling window glass. A winter wonderland city. Was this where they are going? “Daena, Bailee. Before you two go, did you pack your coat? It’s going to snow where we are going.” Her mother soon figured out through her facial expression, that she forgot to pack her coat. “Fine you can borrow mine Bailee. You and me will have to freeze Daena. But don’t lose it. It was a gift from my late husband.” Daena didn’t remember how long her mother had been married to her father. He was always at work, so Daena never really got to know him very well.
     Bailee and Daena were running through a dark tunnel. They pictured in their mind going down a deeep deep deep bottomless well, until eventually splashing in the bottom that was filled with seashells. Daena wondered what was on the other end. Could hear loud squeeking down the well. Of what sounded like ghouls from hell. Bailee and Daena held each other tightly as they walked down the flooded well. And continued walking further into it inro the light gradually began to fade. Then she saw another light on the other end. It was a different kind of light. It was orange, and fiery. Like they walked into hell. Then the colored dissipated. ... Daena and Bailee found themselves in a forest, but it was not like any other forest that you and me may know.
     A burnt forest, with dead trees. Through the forest of death was a breeze. Sounds of weird sounds not meant be heard by mortal ears. Screeches that sound like eardrums, torn apart by shears. Then the sound gradually became quieter and quieter. “Where am I?” Daena asked Bailee. But she had no idea either.
     “Owl, I don’t want to go to hell!” said Bailee.
     “Calm down, your right here. Oh well moving on.”
     It was with this question of where they were, that the both of them came to realize that they were dreaming. Just another bout of indigestion from their breakfast toast. Daena’s mother stared at her them, tilting her glasses. “Oh don’t worry sweetheart, if you lose you coat. I can find you another one. It’s more I’m worried about me and Daena having one.” Her mother opened her book again, and it was a long train ride after.
     They arrived at an old house in a snowy village. Both Daena and Bailee were shivering in her wooden shoes, so her mother lovingly let them inside first. Her aunt greeted Daena and the girls, offered the two hot chocolate. “I’ve never had guests before. What a wonderful day it is indeed. But before that, want to see the library?” Aunt Frannie, peered down to Daena and Bailee, with an offering hand. “Come you will find adventures.”
     “But I don’t like to read.” said Daena.
     Bailee resisted snickering, for they were all characters.
     “Oh I’m sure we can change that.” said Frannie. Bailee giggled so much, Daena told her to shut up.
     In the large room full of books, there was severals shelves of books. Most old, some new. There were many books only fit for a shrew, and many others that had adventures about collecting small crystals, and about little cowboys trying to outrun trains by their super-horse. Of course, at this point Daena refused to read any of it. Bailee still thought it was funny, because she herself was technically inside of a book. “Here, have this one.” Frannie handed her a small book, roughly one hundred and twenty pages. “You can get used to reading with this.” A chapter book, much like the book that Bailee herself was imagining herself inside.
     Not being sure what do with it, Daena simply went to her room and placed her luggage in. “Hey Daena, there really isn’t anything wrong with reading. It is by reading that I am able to talk to you. Otherwise I wouldn’t have met you.”
     “But I don’t want to read anything, books are boring.” Then they took a little nap before dinner.
     It was the next hour after dinner that the girls went into the room on their own. She saw a bird in a cage, it was calling her name like an old sage. An old owl that would never age. Why, it was the same Owl that was reading the storybook to Bailee. “Why owl, what are you doing here on your perch?”
     “I hear that your friend do not like to read. You know what happens to little children that don’t like to read?” the owl said, with it’s owly gaze that felt like she was walking through a maze. “It is not heaven above, or hell below. Nor where the land snows, only the a place where the cold wind never blows.” Daena was not sure what the owl meant by this. Bailee giggled, because it was an Owl speaking in riddles.
     “But what does that have to do with reading?” said Daena.
     “Everything my dear.” said the Owl.
     “Are we going to go on an adventure?” asked Bailee.
     “Yes, an adventure indeed.”
     The owl took them both by the wrist, they flew and flew into another world. A world that was part of an old storybook, where children where dancing by the fire, and where demons from different levels of hell came out to play. It was a book within a book. Bailee never experienced a book within a book before. Little girls with skull for masks turned into demons at the sound of bones cracking growing very very long wings. And their eyes were like flames of fire. Daena walked through the several levels of hell, and warped back into the real world with the Owl with Bailee. “And so you see, reading can take you places.” Daena tried to ask what the owl meant. But he disappeared, there he went.
     “Don’t worry Daena, that’s just a friend of mine.”
     The owl winked as he kept reading stories.
     “Daena, it’s time for bed.” called her mother.
     “Can I borrow a book from here?” said Daena.
     “Wait till I tell your aunt.”
     Bailee was in giggle fits.
     It was at the dinner table that Daena spoke with her aunt and her mother. Bailee was merely listening to the conversation. Waited for the rest of the story to unfold. She wanted Daena to tell her about how she had recently learned to read books. However this was not completely accurate. Instead both of the girls wanted to explore the worlds provided by those books.
     Daena wondered if the owl from earlier was still in the library, or if perhaps it was simply a matter of her lack of sleep. “Maybe my friend owl will be back later.” Even on nights when she barely got any sleep, she would never make a peep about reading. “I met a friend today.” said Daena.
     And with that Bailee left.
     Bailee hugged the owl for a happy story.
     The owl sent her home till next Summer vacation
.
















Chapter 4
Snow Cottage Blues

     This Summer Bailee craved a horror story. And thus a horror story she got. But she would soon come to regret it. “Owl, you hinted at story called Murals Of Trees.” said Bailee, who was trying to grab the book from his claws.
     “I shall not read it, for you are much to young for it.” said the owl.
     “Try me owl, I want to read it.”
     “But you will have nightmares.”
     “I always have nightmares.”
     “Fine then, but I warned you. There was a long cabin in the snow forest, that was like a maze of death. Except with an actual maze there was at least some promise of an exit for an unfortunate victim.”
     Bailee was more like a ghost in this story. A mere watcher, for already she was a little to nervous to actually try to participate first hand. She saw that Anise and Elena waited for their mother to open the door. The mother unlocked the door, tapping the floor. Elena, her sister, walked in first, and wanted water to quench her thirst. So mother got out a can-tine, and pored her a glass first saying, “After this we need to warm the chimney.”
     Bailee interrupted the owl. “Why is the house so dark, in the last story there were candles.”
     The owl said, “Well they just moved in. And they are poor.”
     After a week of schooling, the mother and father simply thought it would be better to home school the kids. She pulled them out from public education, and did so at home. Anise sometimes complained about the education, during the few times her mother helped her -- she noticed it was different from what she would teach her own kids. “I suppose I will give you two a day off,” -- there was a very long pause, then -- “but tomorrow it’s the textbook.”
     Anise did not like the sound of how she said it, as there was a very faint growl in her voice. They had skipped breakfast, and both of the girls were getting hungry. “Owl, this story is starting to feel a little uncomfortable.”
     “Well it is a horror story.” the owl said, then kept reading the story to her.
     “I will make something in a little bit, of what we have.” Then the mother closed the door, and walked outside to the horse and buggy. Meanwhile the girls went ahead and took their bags to their room. Elena placed her glass on the shelf.
     “Are you sure you want to put that there,” -- another pause, then a short breath from the cold from Anise. “I have a bad feeling about this place.” Then she began getting out her clothes to put on the shelf. “Something about this room.” There was some presence that Aise was feeling at the moment.
     “It’s probably nothin Anise.” Elena said, walking outside to continue to get their stuff.
     Later that night, they ate dinner at the table. Their father was quieter than usual, and then looked at his daughter Anise while she was eating. “You should chew with your mouth closed,” and then continued eating himself.
     “You don’t normally comment --”
     “But now I am.”
     Around bed time, Anise and her sister were in bed. Mother had stopped reading their bed time story, and then got to sleep after about an hour or so. It was a slow night, the chimney was not doing much to take away from the heat. Although mother said they put the fire out the next morning, Anise could feel the wind blow hard in her room. The sudden chill made it obvious it was something else. It was a harder wind than she felt before.
     The next morning, Anise put the books up on the shelf in her room after reading before their classes. After she was done, their mother opened the textbooks. She taught her daughters basic math, for hours on end. “Can we skip to another part owl? I don’t personally like to study math.” Bailee interrupted the story.
     “Yes I agree, moving on then.”
     After the classes were over, she walked back to her room and noticed, after the loud noise as she walked in -- the book shelves have fallen off the mini-book shelf.
     “Maybe you just didn’t secure them properly.” Her mother said, knowing that her daughter always secured the shelf.
     The afternoon had come, and they had their lunch. Mother did not tell them that their lunch provisions were decreasing. Then it was time for the rest of their classes.
     That night. Anise noticed that there was a loud noise in her room. A very loud breath, that she thought would at least wake up Elena. But she walked over, and noticed that she was still conked out on the bed.
     Bailee decided to pop in.
     “Who goes there?” said Anise.
     “Quiet, it’s just me Bailee.”
     “Are you the ghost?”
     “No, just a reader. I have a bad feeling about this please, we need to tell your mother we need to leave.”
     “Oh believe me ghost, I tried.”
     Bailee and Anise walked outside. The cold chill made them both shiver in the wind. They held her arms to maintain whatever little warm she had left on her bones. “For a ghost, your pretty solid and warm.”
     “I said I’m not a ghost Anise.”
     “And you know me name to, creepy.”
     Then closed the door quickly, quietly so as not to wake up the MCs mother. Then briefly, they saw something in the distance. A red symbol that was on a tree, masked by the snowy breeze. “Anise, do you really think we should go.”
     “Bawk bawk!”
     She walked closer and closer to it.
     Their bare feet were cold in the snow.
     Then she saw, an up side down pentagram.
     Bailee and Anise walked closer to the tree, and then placed their hands upon the pentagram -- then both of their vision faded to black. A moments of transport, and then an eternity of darkness -- then figures dancing by the fire. As she walked closer if as to look at the figures, skull-masks. Bailee recognized the skull-fairy sitting at one of the logs situated as if it were some sort thrown she sat on.
     Her eyes were red -- a sudden jerking motion with the orbs.
     Bailee was jerked out of the story, Anise woken up by her mother who was concerned she froze to death.
     Mother lectured her on the couch.
     “What are you doing out here Anise.” Her mother said. Then took her inside. “Why did you go outside, don’t you know you could have frozen to death? Not what did you wake up for, are you hungry? What?”
     Anise did not want to say. Did not want her to know that she thought that the house was haunted, and did not even really know what was haunting it. “I just woke up hungry?” Then she reclined her head on the couch.
     “Well can it wait for breakfast?”
     “Yes.”
     “Now go back to bed.”
     Bailee appeared by the bed.
     “Told you so Anise.”
     “Shut up you!”
     More normal classes the following morning. Their dad left for work early, living her behind to tend to the children. Anise was getting tired of all the math, and asked for a change of pace. Bailee joked about giving Anise hints to help her with her math work. But the owl said she should let Anise work. The mother agreed to teach language first to appease Anise however.
     Elena did not seem to care either way. Then after the first class, mother made breakfast. The following night Anise continued to have that dream:

          Where the fields turn to grey,
          Where the wolves go astray,
          With their red eyes they bay.

     The day next went mostly normal, but then the chanted noises that Anise heard, continued to grow louder and louder and louder. Until eventually she could not ignore the noises, the sound of children playing by the fire. “You need to pay attention to your work Anise.” their mother said, while Elena was paying attention her work. She sniffed to Anise.
     And then another day went.
     Bailee took another visit the next night that Anise decided to bundle up more warmly.
     They walked back to the tree where she once saw the red up side down pentagram. After pausing for a minute, it eased back upon the tree. And then both girls heard chanting:

          Once upon a winter fire,
          We dance around the winter fire,
          Come dance with us, listen to our song,
          And dance around the winter fire.

     They bolted back, Anise was noticed by mother.
     “Still hungry huh?” the mother said. It was already later in the morning than the previous day that Anise decided to wake up.
     Hours went, dad still was not home.
     “Where is dad?” Anise said.
     “Work honey.” Another home school day, then things began to change. Bailee felt like something was not right, but the Owl would not let her intervene. “Rememember Bailee. None of these stories are actually real.”
     When Anise slept her sleep full night, she heard the chanting once again. Louder and louder, until it was beginning to hurt her ears. She walked outside, and saw the emblem on the tree once again. After placing her hands upon it, she warped into the darkness.
     There were chants within the darkness:

          Once upon a winter fire,
          We dance around the winter fire,
          Come dance with us, listen to our song,
          And dance around the winter fire.

     Bailee wanted to warp into the story, tell her to leave the mural. Because while she may not knew them, she was all to familiar with the evil skull-faries.
     The vision slowly eased into a darkened thrown room, through a dark pathway that was once the interior of a castle from long ago, that was now the home to strange plants. That had the distinctive quality of human likeness. Not by the appearance, but rather in their speech -- that beckoned her forth to a room locked tight for the night in the fields turned to grey. She opened the door and, woke back up on her bed.
     She woke up, from the Elena nuzzle.
     “Are you OK, I heard you screaming.”
     “Yes, thank you. Now go back to sleep.” Anise, because her sister’s superstition, felt the need to be dismissive about the falling book shelf. Thus Anise had no inclination to tell her about her dream, or any of the strange things that have happened so far -- somehow her family did not seem to notice anything. Later that morning, even her mother asked what was going on.
     “Anise, was that you lat night?”
     “Yes, bad dreams I guess.”
     “Dad should be home tonight.”
     Dinner tasted funny, the meat was oddly shaped. They had no real idea what it was that they were eating. It took longer to actually get around to the eating. Once that was done they had no complaints. Anise still wondered when dad was going to be home. Although little did they know as the mother did, he had long sense been home. “It’s time for bed again girls, let’s go ahead and get that bed time story read.”
     The owl stopped reading.
     “Are you sure you want me to read further.”
     “Well I’m already in the middle of it.”
     “Fine then, let me know when you need a break.”
     Anise walked back to the tree that night, saw the children dancing by the fire. But as the children danced by the ring of fire, she saw an image of her father in the crowd. And he was dancing in fairy garments, and he had a skull-mask of his own. “What are you doing in my dream father?” she said to him.
     “It is not a dream Anise. But the afterlife.”
     It was the next evening yet again, that she began to have more wild dreams. If in fact they were actually dreams at all. When she walked to the room that had no roof. A remnant of the castle that once was, she met with the queen.
     The sound the skull-fairy queen’s voice sounded like a creepy child’s voice. “It lies within your fridge, just remember to wipe away the sludge. Give to us, and I shall eat it like fudge. And you will get great rewards. For you shall become one of my dear servants.”
     Anise found out what it was she had eaten.
     The next evening, neither Anise or Elena heard from their mother. After walking to her room. They found out why. Elena was in tears, when she saw her mother’s buckled shoes knocking on the door. Anise tried her best to console her, and then had a distrust for the Skull-Fairies.
     Bailee couldn’t resist going in.
     “Anise, you need to leave for civilization.”
     “Is it to late dear Bailee. We are already dead.”
     Anise lied on the floor beside her sister the next evening, and by this point the bones were beginning to protrude from the skin on their bellies. “I’m hungry,” Elena said. At first she could not bring forth the energy say what she wanted to, to her sister. But with a struggle from her lips, she spoke. “Where is mom, where is dad.” Anise was not sure whether to tell her little sister the truth. She wanted wanted to maintain the myth, that someday they will come back home from the city -- civilization. That they would be home home by tomorrow. Yet there was a part of her that wanted to tell her the facts, however painful they were.
     “You don’t remember?” Anise said to her little sister. She turned around to face her, making sure to see her one last time, if they were to go that night. Wanted to savor that moment, that moment that felt like time seemed to stop forever. “Mom and dad have gone to fairyland, they should be home shortly.” Though even Anise’s hope that their older sister would come gradually began to fade. It had been a week since rations had gone down to a trickle, and Anise wondered how her mother would have felt -- if she were alive. The taste of her flesh made her vomit, but on the other hand it was food. Something to keep them alive for just a little longer.
     Elena stared long and hard at Anise, who was playing with her hair. Those curls she was going to miss, as her would finally kill her, and it was that lack of hope -- that made her decide upon a rash decision, even though she had some second thought. What if our sister arrived, and I was dead? She looked into the eyes of her sister, who’s shaking eyes revealed a lack of believe on her part. There is no such thing as fairy land, there is no such thing as the world of magic. No such thing of battles of light and the dark. “Elena, go get the axe. It’s more important for you to live on, stay alive to greet our sister.”
     “But Anise, we can survive together.” It was at this moment that Anise realized, that she had never told her sister. That they have eaten mom and their dad, though she wondered if she knew. Knew that there was no fairy land, that she had lost her own right to visit fairy lands, the world of benevolent wizards, happy elves, and sometimes even the gods were would visit, and arrive for a cup of tea. There is no life left for me, only for hope for Elena’s glee. Or at least some semblance of a normal life.
     Elena got the axe from the shelf, and her older sister could here her weep.
     “Stop it Elena, stop it now. Or I will weep to.” She walked over to Anise, took a moment to reflect upon what she was about to do. It was over sooner than Anise expected.
     For a moment the owl stopped reading.
     He decided to change the ending, for it was to dark.
     The door opened, a messenger of the fairyland. Anise was not sure if this was all in her mind, or it this was really happened. Her sister looked at the young woman, who was wearing a crown of flowers of the night. “Madam Anise, the queen has regained her thrown.” At that point, she did not care whether it was real after all, or simply a fantasy. The pain of aching joints, gradually went away.
     “Why has she decided to let me return?” Anise said to the messenger. Who merely gave Anise a passing glance, looking at the changed fairy world. A world that has not been the same, since the traitor had almost won.
     But now there was hope.
     “There was no letting,” the messenger said. “You were never banished,” the messenger gave Anise a passing glance, then back down the hall way. “You were never banished.”
     They arrived at the door.
     “Ah. Anise, the queen will see you now.” the guard said.
     “Welcome home.” the queen said.
     After she walked into the thrown room. She stared at the queen wistfully, “So what is going to happen to my sister?” Anise asked at the skull-fairy queen.
     “Oh we will make sure she survives.” the queen said.
     Owl simply stared at Bailee, with frightened eyes.
     “Well that’s better, still a downer.” said Bailee.
     “A happier story next Summer?” said the owl.
     “Yes please.” Bailee said.
     And as she went home, the sound of a familiar melody played with her mind:

          Once upon a winter fire,
          We dance around the winter fire,
          Come dance with us, listen to our song,
          And dance around the winter fire.


Chapter 5
Gharina’s Wings

     It was the next Summer, Bailee wanted something cheerier to learn to read. "I think I'll stick to happier stories until your a little older."
     And with this he read a happier work.
     It was a warm day in spring, when Bailee and Gharina ran together through the long wild grass. After what felt like nearly a month of rain, Gharina walked out of her mushroom to greet a new friends at the door.
     Bailee offered to help her comb her hair. But Gharina was very vain. Not enough to not be pleasant company for her Bailee though, just enough not to always be pleasant company. Bailee picked up Gharina's pet squirrel, and pat them on the head. "You have such pretty hair Gharina." Then later on they bolted and ran through the grass. Bailee tried to tackle Gharina. But she flew away, though he fragile wings were just beginning to heal. Her pet squirrel followed quickly behind, and he caught up with Bailee. They stared into the sky. Gharina flew away high into the sky, she could not deny the taste for the wind blowing onto her face. “You don’t want to injure your wings again do you?” said the squirrel.
     "Come down, you don't want to get hurt!" said Bailee.
     But Gharina would not listen. Before she jumped into the sky, to flutter her tender wings, the squirrel hopped onto her shoulder when she was flying low. At first it felt like a giant boulder. Slowly at first she tried to flutter her wings, then soon fluttered them harder and harder. Faster and faster she went. She and squirrel glided through the sky, and Bailee could not help giggling from the squirrel to stay on the fairy girl's shoulders. But after a bit Gharina felt spent, her wings stopped fluttering. Down from the sky she went. Down and down from the sky she went, into the field below. “Look out below.” said the squirrel.
     They screamed all the way down.
     Bailee caught the both of them.
     Crash, bang, kablooie.
     Eventually Gharina passed out from the pain. Her pet squirrel was the one there to check on her. Although he was technically a flying squirrel, it would be wise at that moment to climb a tree, and glide all the way to their mushroom home. He picked her Gharina, and Bailee and him chatted along the way to the mushroom house. 
     It was after a while that Gharina woke up. It was rather strange that Gharina was being picked up by squirrel, for normally she would pick up the squirrel. He was so small, and she was a large fairy girl.
    Eventually they arrived home.
    Tquirrel gently placed her down on the ground by the mushroom barn.
    And there was a large kitty cat, playing with it's ball of yarn.
    “Hey, what happened here? And who is the new kid?” said the cat. The feline walked over, and carefully picked up Gharina who was just beginning to wake up from her injuries. For the cat did not want to have the ire of his owner. The squirrel may not want to have their ire either, but at least they did not live with him. Bailee hugged the squirrel and asked, "Is she going to be ok?"
     If Gharina was injured, it would mean no kitty food for a whole week. After turning the either cheek, he was getting hungry and wanted to chase after the squirrel. Said, “You take care now, don’t make me eat you.”
     “What now you say?” said the squirrel.
     “Nevermind, pleasant afternoon.” said the cat.
     It was that evening when her father was giving her daughter and Bailee some soup while she was in bed, the he looked at Bailee wondering what they were doing outside to get his daughtered injured again. Gharina's wings were bandaged up, so that they would heal agin. He  was not sure whether they would have enough healing serum, or if perhaps he would need to go out to the town store to go and get more. She decided, "Bailee, could you watch Gharina while I go to the store? I know how much flying means to her, but you guys need to be carefull about that. That’s what her mother would have wanted.”
     Slowly Gharina’s eye began to open after her father was gone. And her green eyes that were covered by her blond hair could see Bailee staring at her. She was holding onto her hands to make sure she was OK. Her eyes had a tint of molasses, from the tint from the sun.
     “Where am I? Am I dead?” she said, then began to blush when she realized she could feel Bailee's hands. Strands of her hair brushed against her eyebrows.
     “No, your inside.” said the Bailee.
     “I want to --” Gharina said.
     “No you must rest, you nearly lost your wings.” the Bailee said. Bailee feared the worst for her friend, yet did not want to tell her this truth, that if the doctor were to look at them, they may have to aputate. She would have heavy metallic wings, they would make walking a chore because they were so heavy. She would be ... a fairybot. To tell her this, she would not. So she waited till Gharina was asleep to call Gharina's father again, he would explain the situation after seeing her doctor.
     "But how would a fairy live without her wings?" Bailee said to the owl.
     "It was most certainly be unpleasant." said the owl.
     That evening, Gharina felt like she was elsewhere in the dark; she was running through the land of shadows, were skull-fairies danced the night away. All the little fairies would point and laugh at Gharina, because of the fact that she had broken wings. “Look at that, she’s no longer a fairy. Because she does not have wings.” Bailee resisted the temptation to shed a tear for Gharina, as she at least need to be strong for her sake. She carefully placed the Teddy bear in the fairies arms. Then as Gharina began to wake up, Gharina heard voices that gradually receded. Father was home, and Bailee was rubbing her arms tenderly.
     “Yes doctor, I’m not sure what to do.” said the father.
     “I’m sorry, I’ll go look.” the doctor said.
     Bailee went home early, and finished the story the next day.
     Then more reading. The experiences were becoming emotionally exhausting.
     It was the next week that Gharina came out to play with Bailee, but she had a hard time learning to fly. For she now had metallic wings. But for the most part everything came out ok. She may be called fairybot, but who cares. As long as she could someday fly again. She wanted to fly again, someday. Bailee was the one to stay, and make sure she did not injure herself again.
     It was when Gharina was starting to get used to her new wings the next week after that, that she wanted to go outside to play again, where the flowers grow. Bailee thought surely her new wings would have settled in by now. And the sun would shine in their faces.
     Bailee remember her own life, how she needed a friend more than ever. How her mother had not been around for a while. Her mother had not been around for a whole year, yet her memory still remains. While Bailee still cared a great deal about her father, she wondered whether he would smile every once in a while. At least with Gharina's father, there was at least this. She hid this thought while running in a field with Gharina, picking flowers in order to smell their scent.
      And savor the flavor of mint.
      The next week Bailee and Gharina walked along the fenced dirt roadway, where by the fields where the flowers grew. Bailee wanted to follow along with Gharina, who wished that there was a magical flower that would allow her to be with her mother again at least once, even if that meant dying from her injuries. Yet Bailee at this point knew, there was no such thing as magic.
     Gharina made a resolution to Bailee: I’m going to try to learn to fly again. Her best friend, a squirrel, followed them along the way to the prairie mountain pass with the only forest for miles. They made a stop by the pass before the large mountains. It was tall and had grey clouds covering it with rain pouring. At first Gharina did not want to pass. She instead stopped at the cemetary.
     The squirrel had finally caught up with the two girls, running along the road in order to catch up. “Gharina, Bailee. Where are you two going?”
     Once they reached the edge of the cliff, Gharina tried to flutter her wings, which at first caused her to flinch then jerk about.
     Then she fell on her back. She screamed again. "Careful Gharina, you don't want to hurt yourself again." said Bailee. The rain from the sly poured down from the sky, wetting their dresses. At the moment, she felt just like the sky. Yet could not make herself weep, and wanted to fly.
     She pushed herself up, and suddenly it was actually her metallic wings that pushed her off of the ground. “Be carefull with me Gharina, you father may not be able to afford a new pair like me.” Gharina at first did not know where the voice was coming from.
     “Who is that?” asked Bailee.
     "I heard the voice too." said Gharina.
     “It is me, your wings.” said the wings. Gharina thought it was very strange that her wings could talk. She hoped that it was not a sign of her decreasing ability to stay awake, that this was all merely a dream. Her talking squirrel looked just as surprised by the talking wings, hopping up and about.
     “Hey hey what’s going on?” said the squirrel.
     Bailee, Gharina, and the squirrel walked on to the mountain further into it's great height. Once they arrived it was already beginning to be the early evening, and Gharina saw the graveyard where her mother was burried. “I haven’t visited you in a while, but now I am here again mother.” She placed the flowers by her mothers grave, and wondered what he mother would be thinking right at that moment, if she knew she had new wings. Bailee tried to keep her from jumping off.
     The wings voice:

          Do not mourn for the sleeping fawn,
          One could perhaps wait until dawn,
          And be enveloped, into the light.
          Do not fight the tears.

     Gharina was at first shaken once more, than gradually got used to the fact that her new pair of artificial wings could talk. She decided to wait for some other day, to try to fly again. For it had began to rain, and she did not want to slip and fall on her face again.
     She, the wings, and the suirrel traveled along home so that she would not be late for dinner. Her father waited by the fire place, sitting in his chair in the living room.
     “And where have you been, I thought I said you should sleep.” the father said, and looked at his daughter with a downturned smile, not out of anger but rather because he was so sad. “... I’ll bring you some soup, but please for God’s sake be carefull you two. And you squirrel, what are you doing in this house?”
     The father continued reading his book while sitting on the couch, while Gharina went to her bed. Bailee went to go sit with the father at the couch. "So what was her mother like?" Bailee asked.
     He could barely say anything, to drunk.
     "She was a very nice lady." And went to bed that night.
     Bailee helped Gharina eat her soup, then waited for dawn to arrive. And while she slept, she sang the tune like counting sheep:

          Do not mourn for the sleeping fawn,
          One could perhaps wait until dawn,
          And be enveloped, into the light.
          Do not fight the tears.

     The next morning Gharina, Bailee, their pet squirrel, and her pair of talking wings went outside to play. They ran through the fields, and the grass went a’sway. She hopped and hopped, but she still could not figure out how to fly. As her wings were insistent on not letting her have her way to fly again, the wings tried to slap her back in protest.
     But surely she thought, there shall be a way. Gharina decided to run ahead of her pet squirrel, and her wings advised her to try to be careful while she walked back to the tallest mountain peak.
     Bailee remembered what Gharina's father said, how she understood missing one
s mother. He even told them not to go out after dark, strange demons would go about. Discuissed as tree bark But at this point she did not really care, she wanted to show her mothers spirit the gift of her flight.
     At the mountain entrance, she sought to fly again.
     There was a sign they ignored:

          No tresspassing.
          Violators will be tumbled,
          With boulders fumbling.

     Gharina climbed over the fence, and then walked through the forest along the trail anyway. Bailee and the squirrel tried to catch up, but had a hard time keeping up with the young flit.
     Because she wanted to have the highest view possible to try fly again, she climbed the mountains high. The squirrel that ran to follow her was small enough to fit under the fence, but Bailee ran into the fence! Ouch! They together along with her talking wings, and had an adventure together.
     “Hey Gharina, please this isn’t a good idea. This is your wings talking. If you can’t trust the squirrel, but sure to trust me.” But she chose to ignore the talking robotic wings.
     At the mountain cliff, she reached.
     Held her arms into a cross, and then was getting ready to jump.
     But the squirrel tugged onto her leg. And instead she fell onto her face. “I know your trying to help squirrel, but can you please be gentle with Gharina? It’s my metallic frame you would be crushing.” said the wings.
     “I think your both bad news.” said Gharina, and then pushed the squirrel over to the tree. “I am going to fly whether you guys want me to or not.” And she jumped, and felt herself falling from a great height. Stared into the sky, which had begun to become cloudy.
     "Gharina, no!" said Bailee.
     “Gharina, we need to talk about this.” the wings said, and then began to flutter on their own. “Remember than I am made out of metal. I don’t even have a waterproof frame yet.” And then he fluttered as hard as he could, until eventually he himself could not flutter any more. She glided across the sky, and she could not figure out how to break. For her pet wings had become tired.
     Flop, she ran into the tree.
     Blacked out, and fell onto her back.
     It was her wings that were damaged the most. Gharina's father contained his anger at Bailee, then settled down and hugged her weeping.
     The squirrel ran to them both to see if they were OK, and the wings did some vague flap that somewhat resembled a not quite flutter. “You, go contact Gharina’s father. ... I need some urgent repairs.”
     The wings were taken to the factor for repairs. Gharina had to go without wings, until they could come home again. “So what it’s going to cost?” said the father, to the mechanic.
     “About three hundred.” said the mechanic. The pair of wings in it’s last moment of old vision, noticed other pairs of wings. They had doubled since he last had his first vision. And the wings wondered why it was that there was an increase in the amount of wings that other fairy children needed. And mourned the fact that amputation was common. Many accidental falls.
     Later it went back home to Gharina, Bailee, and the squrrel.
     Where it was affixed to her stubs by a doctor.
     “Your home, your home.” said Gharina to the wings.
     Bailee patted her wings.
     “It’s good to see you too.” said wings to the group.
     The owl closed the book.
     "Is that a better story Bailee?" asked the owl.
     "Yes, much more happy."
     A better end to the summer
.
















Chapter 6
White Night Flower

     Bailee had hoped that the next story the owl would read to her, to help her learn to read would be much happier. Instead, it was a little of both.
     She popped into the cart, and was sitting beside Cailade who was resting her head on the side of the cart. It had been a few hours since the dream, the splinters of shining light shined under Cailade’s lids. "Get up, get up! It's morning!" said Bailee.
     Over the roof a morning sunlight hid. A sudden rush, then a moments breath. As she got up, she felt disappointment in her little brother Cane, who scratched the top of his head that was soft as a lions mane. “What took you so long to wake up?” Bailee said, who was hardly awake herself, paying more attention to the fact that their mother was to preoccupied tending to their father, to make sure he was not sleeping while he steered the horse and wagon, of which he would do occassionally. “I had that dream again.” Cailade remembered a meadow from the dream, -- a moment of peace. But her mother said no.
      "Don't we all have dreams?" said Bailee.
      "Yes, but this was different. Nightmarish." Cailade rested her head on Bailee shoulder. Her soul was lost in a mental fog. She always felt that she could not measure up. And whenever she tried to speak, her father was locked up. As even when he could talk, he was usually to busy reading to his son in the last years of his life. Something that was always on his plate. No childish games, no flames of desire to dance the night away. Like a fire that would never go out. Even when she could he wanted to read to his daughter Cailade, he felt that his son needed it more than she ever did. And she felt like a chime on an alarm clock, an alarm clock that dropped onto a hard wooden floor.
     "Cheer up Cailade, we all move." said Bailee.
     "I suppose so."
     Yet Bailee never experienced moving herself.
     Cailade remembered wanting to sing Mary had a little lamb to her father, but her father shut her up mid sentence. It was when Bailee and Cailade were tryin to pack in the short story written by the owl. “Can we sing a little later, we need to go ahead and unload the wagon.” he said, as he held his wife by her tender and soft hand. But her daughter was left to climb out of it with Bailee's help. They sat down upon the ledge, and gradually eased off. Then stared into the valley. It was a vast green expanse, the trees gave a certain illusion of an advance. Like an crowd of living trees, playing the game of chance -- life.
     Bailee walked with Cailade village park. "So how does it feel to move here?" said Bailee to Cailade.
     "It's not bad, but how about you? I bet you've never met a character before."
     "'Oh I've met my share of them, in my reading."
     They were met by Cailade's mother.
     The mother glared at the both of them at that moment. “I thought that you two would do your best to be home for lunch.” But Cailade had a hunch, and so did Bailee, that there would be not much of a lunch.
     At home they had their crunch, of a biscuit that was left over after lunch from an hour ago. Her mother did her best to keep it warm, but it had become a crisp. Neither Cailade bailee minded much, as it was food to be enjoyed. As they stared into the valley of the afternoon. "The valley is buetiful!" said Bailee.
     "Eh, it's just a valley though." said Cailade.
     "But you don't want to take it for granted!" said Bailee.
     "Why is that?" said Cailade.
     "In my world, trees are dying." said Bailee.
     Cailade wondered about dying.
     Why would trees be dying.

     Bailee closed up the book, for the Owl insisted that even a reader should have their rest sometimes. By thoughts of Cailade and the valley to knowhere where the white night flower always grew, was on her mind through out the night.
     On the other end of the page, it was also night. Cailade dreamed of the sky, of the valley where bumble bees danced in the fragmented bright. And she was floating catching the clouds. Her white night gown span sparkled in the light. Then suddenly she felt that something was wrong, for she heard crying in the distance. Like someone in the dream was in trouble she did not know.
     She woke up restless, and felt that she did not want to be out in the forest after dark. For she had somehow taken a nap by the garden. Then she snapped out of it as it was only a dream. Cailade saw her shadow upon the wall, then the shadow took the form of Bailee, and went againsth the Owl's wishes, and opened up the book in order to cotinue reading the tome.
     Bailie wanted to be with Cailade at that moment, when she in her mind's ear could hear her father’s voice, in the other side of the wall singing songs of picture books. Both of the girls met in the forest, where the line between dreams, the written page, and the waking world blurred together.
     "I'm worried about Cane." Cailade said to Bailee.
     "About what?" said Bailie.
     "I think, he might be sick." said Cailade.
     "But people don't die from being sick." said Bailee.
     "This is no ordinary illness, I can feel it." said Cailade.
     Cane had an unknown illness, this Cailade knew; his skin had began to become dry, and it was easy for him to loose breath. Cane would sometimes heave to make sure that he got the right amount of air into his lungs. "Can we meet later on? I want to be with my brother alone." Cailade opened the door, as she wanted to visit Cane to check up on him to make sure he was OK. “You need to go back to bed sweetheart, you don’t want to become sick.”
     “But I’ve been sick before dad.” Cailade said.
     “Not this kind of sick, but I promise to read to you tomorrow.” said her father. But her father never kept his promises. He never read to her all all.
     And she went to bed stressed.
     "Want to talk about Cailade?" said Bailee.
     "What is there to talk about, Cane is dying." said Cailade.
      
     There was no singing to her, with her brother the sound of the songs of picture books. Not the song of the fairies lullaby, and the elven song.
     When she dreamed her dream-full dreams, she stared into the distant valley. She knelt to comfort a fallen horse, who had its face in the dirt. She shape-shifted into another horse to stay by it’s side.  She then warped by the garden, where she spoke with Bailie again. Her mane raised up, with her mouth open with sorrow. She marched off almost crushing a Bailee. "I don't want to talk right now." said Cailade.
     When the morning came, she visited her brother. By that point he had already began to start looking like one of those skull-fairies that she always dreamed about that she always saw in the shadows, between the world of dreams and nightmare. His skin was so dry, out of breath he was. It was all that Cailade could do to stop heaving, holding back her tears. “What do you think of dad reading to you?” Cailade said.
     “I’m telling you to shoo,” he treated her like a speck of dust, and chased after her with his broom. “get out of my son’s room.” She wept as he slammed the door, and could hear him also weeping. Luke wept till her could weep not more.
     Another night alone.
     She as the night horse called for Bailie.
     For she was now forever alone.
     Bailie visited Cailade, and they saw a lady in a white dress, who was blond and her eyes were blue. They fairy lady told them not to fight, as everything was going to be fine. Her smile gave them light, that neither of them had for a long time. As Bailie felt as Cailade, for she on some level Cailade. “You want to know where the white night flower is?” Natures voice told her to leave in the early morning hours. Where the flowers will welcome her home.
     She wanted to save her brother, and part of Bailie wanted to believe that somehow Cailade could. Together they stole her father’s wheel barrow. Maybe it would cause them to get in a little bit of trouble, cause them more sorrow than perhaps it was worth. Though Cailade was determined to see this through. To the little white flower, it was a chance for a tomorrow. Bailie did not want to disillussion her. Even though she felt silly talking to a character in the Owl's short stories. They Walked along their journey’s way, across the dirt road. They did not speak once during the trip ...
     Until they met a creepy frog by the side of the road. He was as large as a man, and he pointed them in the direction of the graveyard. Then ran off to the next village with cleaner waters.
     “Do you know where I can find the white night flower?” Cailade tried to ask the frog.
     "It's to late Bailee, he is to far in the distance."
     "So let's run to get him!"
     They tried to chse after the frog, and It hopped across the dirt road in the direction of the graveyard, to the place where the flower's grow in the valley of nowhere. Lifting a stone, she saw a white night flower.
     And it was crushed.
     Cailade attempted to try to get a white night flower. But it was Bailie who finally told her that the flowers was not useable. Then Bailie said the thing, that she never thought she would. But before she could, mother opened the door.
    "Bailie, you need to go to bed." said her mother.
    "Sorry mom!"

     Cailade forgot her father’s wheel barrow as she walked back home. Luke had to retrieve it the next morning, which was to much for him to handle.
     Bailie visited Cailade, after her brother died of his illness the next afternoon. "Where is your brother?" said Bailee.
     "Cane is dead, and you weren't there." said Cailade.
     "But I had to go to bed for school!" said Bailie.
     "And I never get to go to school." said Cailade.
     Bailie and Cailade walked to and stood by the grave of Cane. It was Cailade who hugged the headstone. She wept through the day her god arrived and took him away behind the shining golden gates.
      
     It was the next week that she got herself another white night flower. Bailee went with her to an village shop, using the money she had gotten from participating in odd jobs in the story world that the Owl wrote. Both of them seemed to have made the mistake that the flower mainly grows out in the wild, and that people actually must pick them in order to have them. For their own no seends currently available in order to grow them. But Bailee got left out of a job, and did not have the final cent to pay a flower picker. Thus they found other things to do.
     Bailie and Cailade visited the graveyard to place the flower, once they were able to get one from the wild green forest.
     “Why aren’t you out there playing with the other girls?” her father said.
     “Oh I have a friend now,” she tried to restrain her tears. “That I am currently hanging out with.”
     “Also I wanted to give this you, this is your brothers book. He is right here, he does not want to remember you like this.” She leaned into his chest as he hugged her. It was to much for Luke to bare.
     At the park, Bailie and Cailade sat together watching the geese play in the water, and the frog's ribbiting in the lake. Bailie could sense the fact that Cailade felt alone. It was in this false smile. “Do you want to come over?” Bailie was not sure whether she could make a character could a visit her into her own world.
     “Can I some other day, I’m reading a book.” Cailade said.
     “The book is always open.” Bailie said, then exited the pages when she was called for dinner.
      
     It was the next week after that, that Bailie was able to open the Owl's tome. She tried to ask the meaning of certain passages, for some words for to confusing.
     But within the pages, time only stood still. And Bailiee was back to where she left off to read the story. It was the next afternoon after home school, Cailade wanted to do something else, something that her brother Cane had always wanted to. Bailie said she did not feel comfortable going out to the woods at night. Janni and the other girls were having a lark about something else, and Balie wanted to visit the others. But did not want her friends to endanger herself.
     They walked to the large gate. Cailade paused for a moment, and turned around to see Bailee.
     “Why are you visiting the graveyard?” Bailie said.
     "I wanted to say a final goodbye." said Cailade.
     As she walked through the gate, Cailade knelt by the stone, and placed her forehead upon it. A moments passing, and there was a steady stream of tears. Her friend Bailie walked into the graveyard to see what was wrong. She walked up behind Cailade, and tapped her shoulder. It was as she got up, that she saw she had wept. Suddenly she knew why she did not want to be with the others.
     Her friend did not want her to know she cried.
     Bailie heard a fairy woman's voice in the distance:

          And when the angel, comes a calling,
          When the sister, comes a bawling,
          Let the clouds, fill one with light.
          In the graveyard of the night.

     Neither Bailie or Cailade knew who was the woman was, and why she was carrying around that scythe, and how she wore a long black hooded cat. Neither of them were able to see her face. The woman pointed.
     “I know you did not mean to pick up the wrong flower, but the flower you picked up only grows at night. And not in graveyard, but in the woods. And some of them don't like to be picked. For they have families of their own, and sprout knew flowers. You are consume their cure alls.” Cailade did not understand why the fairy woman did not tell her earlier.
     "Yes, but the flowers are not living. They are plants."
     "Yes, but all things are living Cailade, they just change their state. And your dear brother, who can remain alive if you let him. He is simply no longer of physical shape or form." Cailade did not want to believe, as this has simply never been something her parents taught her. She gradually began to relax, when she realized she could just wait for the night to fall. At the moment, both Bailie and Cailade wondered if they could later on visit her brother in the graveyard. The soothing voice of the woman in light, made her feel better. It did not erase the itching feeling that she could not trust her, somehow. Because as she looked into her eyes, there was ... nothing there.
     As the fairy woman faded into the night, Bailie and Cailade decided to go on home. For Bailie, it was simply another lecture from her parents about but not reading to late. But for Cailade's father, she was not sure. She hoped that he would understand his daughter was simply in mourning.

     It was later that morning that she asked her friends, if they could play later. But the rest needed to be at home for school early in the morning. This left her largely to herself, but that was fine, she did not need them. Only needed to make sure that she alone had her way, no use asking her father as he would probably say no.
     She could do this.
     Cailade decided to go to the place where the white night flower grew, choosing to forget the wheel barrow. Even if her father had simply attributed it to death nerves, if she did it again she knew that he would be not so easy to dismiss it. As she walked through the forest, a shining light lit her passage into the night.
     And she saw the flower, in the graveyard.
     After gently plucking it, she went back home.

     Bailie read on through the pages, but decided to let Cailade come to terms with the loss of her brother on her own. Though part of her wondered, if she would be bothered that was not there by her side.
     Within the world of the story, where white night flower always grew, it was the next afternoon. Cailade had something to look forward after a long time of sorrow and loss. Something that she could admire, as she slowly opened her eyes -- covering them momentarily to protect from the lens flare.
     “Where did you get the flower honey?” mother said.
     “You know how she plays outside.” father said.
     And they walked from the door, to have a conversation about something else. Cailade simply smiled, and found the sorrow that remained from the loss of her brother gradually began to fade back into the darkness. Cailade did not need the fairy woman. And she came to enjoy the valley, smiling at the flower in the bottle ...
     Twinkling in the light from the window-glass.
     It reminded her of her brothers smile, as she hugged him in a sense of everlasting love and friendship, a flower garden in the valley of nowhere.
     The valley of the white night flower.
     And Bailie felt as Cailade, for she felt herself was Cailade.
     And would occassionally then on, visit the Valley of the white night flower. There they played together, and become friends with Janni and them.
     Everything was OK
.
















Chapter 7
Fare Flood

     It was the next Summer, that Bailee visited the Owl. She had just gotten home from the swimming pool. It was a slightly warmer day than usual, and the night was still young. Bailee took a trip to the Owl tree. It had been many months since she had seen the Owl, as was not sure if he would still let her read the stories. Her mother had told her it would be a while, before dinner time. This she hopped quickly, and skipped across the train tracks where she used to visit many Summer's ago. 'Oh, the many Summer's ago, where the flowers shined in the glow of the moonlight.
     She arrived at the tree stalk, where the Owl peered. His eyes starred at her, like his orbs were seered. For she had grown up a bit since he last saw her. "Why is that you Bailee?" said the owl.
     "Can you let me read your stories?" said Bailee.
     "Well I have to go for a visit to my mother." said the Owl, for Owls had mother's too. This particular had an old mother of one hundred a two.
     "But where shall I be for the Summer?" said Baille.
     "You can borrow my book if you like." said the Owl, dropping the book. The book fell way down into her arms, causing her to fall on her knees.
     "Thank you Mr. Owl!" said Bailee with the book.
     And that's how she came to read on her own. She was nervous about reading on her own, yet felt a thrill for getting to try it. It was this following evening, that she felt like reading some of the Owl's darker written stories. For the Owl had many stories it had written, many text of which he brood. There he stood, with his note book and pen in his beak, fluttering about writing stories.
     "Thank you Mr. Owl." said Bailee, hugging the book.
     It was a little past eleven o'clock when the clock started ticking. She popped into the first story she came to. She was the girl that a fairy would grant a wish.
     “So what wish is it going to be?” said the fairy, holding a magic wand, lifting up Bailee as the protagonist with her little sister. They were stopped from falling to the ground. “I don’t have all day, tell me or you will keep walking, walking, walking!” 'Oh, how the blond fairy girl flew and fluttered about.
     Bailee pictured herself in the role of the daughter of the two that would walk to the fare on this very day that a peculiar set of events would unfold. Staring at the fairy dumbfounded, she was at first unsure of how to answer her question. “We would like to have a faster way to the carnival,” said her while her little sister in the book held her hand, struggling to keep her face above the dirt. “We have walked along way, and we need a place to stay.” For the two ribbon capped tap dancers, could not longer make a tap on the ground to the land of the great fariswheel fare.
     The fairy stared at the girls with a smile. “Very well, your wish is my command.” said she, lifting the balloons up into the sky. “Now I will be off, enjoy the fare.” The fairy popped out of existance, to the land of nevermore.
     Her little sister was already beginning to feel distressed, wanting to have some funnel cake, this was the break from a long walk from forever. They had no idea how long the walk was going to be. Bailee thought they could have walked all night. As they were flying through the sky ... “Do you know where we are going?” said Bailee, struggling not to lose her grip on the balloon. The ballon shook about, and they almost fell out of the baloon. Bailee caught her little sister. "Be careful, you don't want to shake us out."
     Bailie already had feelings of guilt for not saving Anise, even though this would have been impossible, because Anise was just a character. Must like this little munchkin that held tightly onto Bailie's arm.
      
     “No, but I don’t like the feeling of this.” Bailee said. as the clouds began to warm into angry red faces with big sharp teeth. And the sky looked as if it were erupting in flames. “I don’t know where we are going all.”
     The heat from the air, popped their balloons.
     And then they fell and fell and fell from high in the sky down into the valley below. They landed in a deep lake, and then they swam ashore. The looked on with  horror, for mountains had faces with big sharp teeth. And stared at them like they wanted to eat their flesh and bones.
     “I want to get out of here.” said Bailee, as she was holding onto the hand of the other. “I don’t know how you aren’t shivering.” But she wasn’t shivering, for it was very very hot. Hotter than the otherworld of the bible.
     Eventually they came upon a small cottage, that housed a friendly old woman. Except instead of candy, it was made from living dirt that crawls into your lungs and gives you ca.cer. “What brings you, you young travelers.” said the old woman, stirring her pot of trouble.
     The woman chased after them, with her giant spork. “I don’t like the feeling of this place." the little sister said.
     “Gee you think?” said Bailee.
     And then they walked and walked into the vally of the otherworld, into they found a portal. They came across a giant angry red dog, although this dog only had one head -- it tried to spray acid at them. But they managed to dodge, and then warped through the portal.
     As much as they did not like the walk into forever, they were alive. And then arrived at the carnival to play some games for funnel cakes. Their mother was with the main character's (who Bailee imagined herself as) little sister. She saw them coming, as she entertained him as he watched the juggling clown.
     “Where have you two been?” she said, gazing at them with sniff.
     “It would be to hard to explain.” said Bailee, keeping a step back.
     “Try it, and you might be surprised.”
     “Were we dreaming?” said Bailee.
     “Maybe, I hope so.” said the little sister.

     The fairy took a wish from a man who wanted something to drink at the fare. For the man had gone without water for the whole morning, as was ready for something to drink. “So what’s the wish going to be then?”
     “I want to have a glass that will never empty?” said the thirsty man. The fairy was not sure what would happen if she gave a mortal a glass that would never empty. Never ever ever. So in that respect she was extremely curious to find out.
     “Your wish is my command.” said the fairy, waving her wand and warped in a glass of never ending water. “But remember not to accidently tip the the glass. This is an untested experiment.
     And then she warped out.
     Afterward he was walking through the fare, when the two girls from earlier were chasing after each other playing at the fare. One of them accidently ran into the man. Causing him to loosen the grip on his glass. He managed to balance it, on his finger tip.
     But the wind blew the glass. “God darn it you kids, you realize what you have done!” And the water from the glass started to cause floods after floods at the carnival. So much was pouring that there was a giant rainbow.
     Many of the children were swimming and swimming in the carnival, and many did not know how to swim very well. So their parents had to carry them. Meanwhile in the otherworld, the fairy girl was just having a laugh, looking at the stupid humans with awe. “You did what, gave a mortal a never ending glass? You have doomed you and me.”
     In the mortal realm. The man finally was able to swim through the large flood and retrieve his glass. He was about to drop it again, when the fairy warped it out of existence.
     “Sorry man bad experiment,” she winked at him, “I want my head as much as you want your breath.”
     And then Bailie swam to the unpainted pages.
     And eventually back onto her bed
.
















Chapter 8
The Magic Watch

     It would have been a quiet car trip to their aunts, but Bailie’s mother would never let this happen. “So did you remember your tooth brush?” said Bailie’s mother.
     “Yes Mom.” said Allie, combing her hair.
     “Did you remember your comb.” said Bailie’s mom to Bailie.
     “I’m combing it now mother.” said Bailie. As old as she was now, she was about a head shorter than Allie. She could barely reach her feet down to the floor. “Do you have to remind me of everything?”
     Allie zipped her black toothed comb into her bag.
     “Well you are better than my daughter.” said Bailie’s mother.
     Yes, but Bailie knew Allie always cleaned her room. Hers on the other was often full of papers from writing. The only exception to Allie’s clearn room was the closet full of colored she when she would sometimes visit her at her house. Allie had a flight of seagulls cut to match her otherwise plain style. “You won’t find me,” I began to say.
     “You always forget your stuff.” Allie interrupted, sticking her tongue out.
     “Quiet both of you, I want the trip to our aunts to be lovely. One fowl word from either of you --” She did not even have to finish her sentence for them to know. That was why it always hurt Allie to walk to school on some days, and sit in class. But her parents were OK with this. Thus it was a very quiet car trip.
     Bailie and Allie arrived at the old stone cottage of our aunts, that was just a stones throw away from entrance to the city, a good three miles. The brief moment between the old country-side and the flashing street lights were sudden. As someone who could not sleep in the car, Bailie always wondered if this was the reason why. Her sleep was never great to begin with, with remnants that still remain. It was a wonder at that moment, when they got to her aunts how good her sleep would be. It was a wonder how Allie could sleep on Holidays she would visit, and Bailie’s eyes never seemed to want to close. Every little bit of noise during the night would distract her quite a bit.
     It was what felt like four years, but in actuality must have been two sense she had last talked to the Owl. Allie jerked Bailie out of her bed. “Want to go to the basement with me?” said she. Bailie was not sure whether this would be a good idea. “We never have actually seen what was in the basement. And I don’t care now.” Bailie said.
     “Your not afraid of the board are you?” Allie said.
     “And why aren’t you?”  Bailie asked.
     “Well I get it a lot at home.” Allie said.
     “Fine whatever, I’m telling her you --” Bailie said. 
     “Do it and it’s one from me first.” Allie said.
     Bailie and Allie reached the door, careful as if to not make any noise to wake up Bailie’s mother. After all Bailie certainly did not want her mother’s sleep effected even more by Allie’s gross personal negligence. In the hall, she thought we saw something moving. It had a white glow. Bailie being the chicken she was, stayed behind Allie. It was an old computer room, computers left around from the old D.O.S era. Certainly not any computer she was used to using in her school’s typing speed prompts. “There is nothing down here, we should go.” said Bailie to Allie, who slid around on the floor like she was ice skating.
     “Eeeek, I saw something.” Allie said.
     “What! I don’t see it what is it?” Bailie asked.
     “Got you, your so gullible.” Allie said.
     Bailie resisted punching Allie. “That’s not funny.”
     “Quiet, lets go to our rooms.” said Allie.
     Why did Bailie have to let myself be led around. The holiday plans were as normal, her aunt would always do the cooking. Her mother would always help with the dishes, and her and Allie would play are portable game engine in their bedrooms in a head to head match of clash of Xephon. She used to do the chores as ordered by her mother, but found that it would actually get done faster if she did them all herself. It’s not like it’s all shiny either, Bailie doesn’t exactly get an allowance. She can’t afford the fancy buckles Allie wore on her shoes. It really wasn’t her style at the time anyway. Her aunt and mother had went for a walk after lunch, and never seemed to come back.
     “What do you think they want?” said Bailie.
     “Probably got swallowed by a werewolf.” Allie said.
     “Don’t say that.” said Bailie
     “Relax, it’s not Halloween.”
     “No, it’s Werewolf Christmas.”
     After a while Bailie became worried, but eventually her mother and aunt returned. They placed their grocery bags on the table, and mother got her a watch as an early Christmas present. It felt different; it was shiny, blue, and sparkled in the glow of the sunlight from the window-light. “There is something different about this watch,” I said to Allie, as we got to our rooms. “Whenever I press the button, a portal opens.” said Bailie to Allie.
     “Let’s cross the portal.” Allie said.
     “But what will happen?” Bailie said.
     “Don’t you want to find out?”
     “Not really --” Bailie was jerked by Allie into the portal the magical watch created, that had an opening into a mysterious hybrid of jungle and meadow.
     “Up and away we go.” It was a dimly lit jungle. It was a a large expanse of green vines, and many large mosquitos flying around. “I don’t like it here, let’s go back.” I said to Allie. She simply rolled her eyes at me. It seemed as if she was beginning to regret wearing open toed shoes.
     “Let’s see if there is a ruins or anything, this place gives me the creeps.” Allie said.
     We walked and walked, until we reached a temple.
     But it was not your typical temple.
     It was ... sealed shut. And at the other end, Bailie could hear the sound of a soft melody playing. It sounded like country music. But it was different. It was not the current melody of the truckers that she hated so much, but the sound of a somber violin playing in the night. The sound of sadness deeper than sadness, like something was lost forever in the dark.
     “I want to go home.” said Bailie.
     Inside the temple on the other end was ... a meadow, for the temple was merely an illusion to a much larger world. Where instead of a jungle of large mosquitos, there was a dead forest. And with many animals that we knew of, yet different. The animals were completely skeletons, with red eyes that stare int your soul. “OK let’s go back then.” said Allie. But the ruins door shut, and would not open.
     The skeletons animals began to converge on them. They ran and ran as far as they could, until the two reached a settlement in the world within the ruins. They were greeted by country folk in wooden shoes, playing their banjos, violins. But it was a different rhythm. Not the sound of blue grass, folk, or country. But some long lost melody of a tune they have never heard of before. A longing for joy, yet no joy obtained. An un-ordained wish. Bailie remembered only some of the lyrics that were playing:

          Can you sing, the children’s song,
          Song of the, windy meadow,
          Where the young-ins laugh,
          And cry, for their slaughtered calf.
          That died, many a year ago. 

          We are hungry, and need water.
          Can you lend a drink.
          We can send you home in a wink,
          If you give us a sip or two.

     They journeyed through the forest, and got themselves a scoop of water from the purple thick lake they found in maze of dead trees. Eventually after returning, fleeing various misshapen skeleton demons, they gave the leader the bucket that he would share with the people of the settlement, and were sent home in a wink.
     “Let’s not follow the twink of the magical watch.” said Bailie.
     “Maybe some other time.” said Allie.
     “Girls, it’ time for breakfast.” said Bailie’s mother.
     They were lucky, we aren’t the people of the ruins of the watch.
     There was Christmas dinner to be enjoyed.
      
     It was a Christmas like any other Christmas, yet like no other Christmas. Bailee had just gone inside from the cold, and placed her wooden shoe by the fireplace. If she were to be completely honest with herself, she was unsure what she was going to get. A bit unsually, she in a way prefered the coal. Not being sure Santa would understand, she just kept quite. She had just aquired the taste for drawing, about a month ago. Yet at the moment, she had other thoughts in mind.
     There lay the coin jar, that sat all her school years sense the sixth grade. It remained empty for a long time, as her family could not afford the spare change. This made her quite deranged. For many a Christmas, if she recieved gifts it would be a book. Not a long book, but a comic book. While comics were nice, there was only so many times she wanted to read about the super hero of lice. But tonight would be a very different Christmas Eve.
     Bailee dreamed about her coin jar, and in a way wasn’t sure what she would do with the quarters and dimes she found on the floor of the flat; in a way she merely wanted her father to replace the dimmer light in her room, as she was largely dependant on the light through the window glass illuminated her face in the early hours of morning sunlight. Though she liked not any Christmas music, she found herself humming her own tune:

          Where the Christmas tree,
          Has many elves dancing around thre tree,
          Here lies the presnce,
          That filled many with glee.

          Come to the Holiday,
          Where a mouse stays.
      
     Her pet mouse visited after she got up to sit at her desk. The face was shining just barely, by the glow of the night light. “Is it money again this year, my dear?” said the mouse. Bailee never knew, but the mouse work make a trip up North every year. And every occassional was to put a smile in her face. She never understood why she used coal to draw, as mice never drew. But always appreciated the little mice stories she drew.
     “Can you make it a quarter?” said Bailee.
     “Nah that’s way to little.” said the mouse.
     “Can you make it two?” said Bailee.
     “Still to little.” Then he flew, and crawled into the hole in the wall. “I will leave something for tommorrow, but be good. You will never you rest.:
     It was the next morning that Bailee got up. Her father had made her an extra cup of hot chocolate. It was peppermint how chocolate, her personal favorite.
     “Someone let a present.” said father.
     “I wonder what it could be?” said mother.
     Bailee looked her in wooden shoe, turned it upside down. And there, was not a penny. Not a dime, not a quarter. But a two half dollars.”
     “We can go to the candy store!” said father.
     “But be home for Pumpkin Pie.” said mother.
     Bailee could faint for Candy and Pumpkin Pie.
     She left a picture in her wooden shoe. A rough sketch of a mouse just her age, flying in Santa’s flying reindeer cart. The mouse waving her goodbye through the window, that now has a replaced dimmer light.
     “Goodnight mouse.” said Bailee.
     And all was well.
     Next Christmas, she recieved a card. It was a picture of the family of the Christmas mouse, with his family of elves in the North Pole, sitting around the Chimney. The elf girl is hugging the picture, the mouse gave as a gift. Then at the bottom:

          Thanks Bailee!
      
     Bailie woke up the next morning, wondering if her jar would be filled with spare change yet. For she had already spent the amount, her mother found on the floor at her school on various varieties of candy treats. Today was going to be a wonderful day for Bailie, for it was bright and Snowy! And everywhere she did activities, there were reindeer snowing. Her mother wondered why she was not happy, at the moment. Well sure enough, she wanted not a game console, or anything else besides candy. “Bailie, there are cookies at home. Can you not wait for a home made cookie?”
     As soon as the family got home, Bailie was looking forward to the cookie. But her parents told her she should wait for her cookie. Not only did they need to eat their Christmas dinner first, but mother was unsure whether she would like the cookie. For she had put pumpkin in the cookie mix, something she was not sure would mix. “Be sure to eat your broccoli casserole, for it is of course excellent for you” as all parental cliches went. Then they dinner time came and went, and they sat by the fireplace. Bailie was enjoying her other presents, like a new pair of shoes after her old pair cracked and broke.
     Then there was the cookie, and she pointed at it. “Has Santa had his cookie yet?” asked Bailie to her mother, who was sipping hot chocolate.
     “He has had his fill, but just one for today sweet pea.” said mother.
     Bailie crawled over to the fireplace, scuffing up her Christmas Night gown. She almost fell on her face like a clown. ‘Oh, here comes the cookie she sang in her mind. Yet it was, a very different cookie than she was expecting. It was, not what she expected. A pumpkin chocolate cookie. At first it was a let down, and the cookie made her want to frown. But suddenly the flavor was a delight. For the slight savoriness of the pumpkin was like salt and sugar, for chocolate and Pumpkin.
     “How was your cookie dear?” said Bailie’s mother.
     “Your mom worked very hard on the.” said Bailie’s father.
     “They are gute, mama and pappa!” said Bailie.
     The rest of the week was ordinary, except for the cookies. Her mother narrowed them down to a craft. Bailie thought this was quite daft, and everything was extraordinary for the rest of the year. She sang a cookie song:

          Farewell to the sugary treat,
          That was savory and sweet.

     She then went to visit the Owl, who had no family of his own. Up up up, to the tree she popped into his little cottage. “So how was your Christmas Mr. Owl?” said Bailie to the Owl, who was sitting on his perch.
     “Good, did you not visit with friends?” said the Owl.
     “I visited with me family, besides your a friend.” And she walked over, as if to hug the Owl. But her poked her hand jokingly. An owl’s kiss, for he was certainly not a pet Owl. Bailie took a cookie from the cookie tray. “Would you like a cookie?”
     “Hoot hoot, are those pumpkin cookies?”
     “Yes, they are pumpkin cookies.” said Bailie.
     “My favorite.”
